howdy there internet people is bogan
sergeant helis officer Jimenez deputy
marshal white officer
Edgar Flores officer Michael Smith not
the cops you thought I was going to talk
about is I don't want to talk about any
of this to be honest I was told I was
avoiding the subject because it didn't
fit my narrative no it fits my narrative
just find it makes me angry
the reason I didn't want to talk about
it you don't know the names of those
cops more likely all cops killed in the
last 60 days or so by gunfire
some of them real heroes Ellis
showed up at the scene of an active
shooting and unlike parkland he found
his courage and he entered he paid for
it with his life Jimenez he showed up at
a hospital a domestic disturbance going
on a guy killed his ex-fiancee
he entered paid for with his life so why
don't you know their names but you know
corporal Singh's because nobody can
stand on their graves their corpses to
make a political point that's why that's
when you don't know who they are but you
know how and that's reflected in the
headlines illegal immigrant kills police
officer okay come on we knew he was an
illegal before they were even certain of
his name and they put it out there real
quick
seems like somebody in that department
got some political ambitions wants to
insert themselves in the national
narrative and that is one way to say it
you could say illegal immigrant kills
police officer another way to say it is
that an immigrant laid down his life
confronting a gang member
corporal saying was from Fiji whole
thing reminds me a lot of that uh Molly
Tibbets name
there's that photo with that girl
plastered everywhere look at this pretty
girl killed by an illegal you know what
her family's done since then they took
in an immigrant because they know you
don't hold an entire demographic
accountable for the actions of one
person they're not racists they know you
don't hold an entire group of people
accountable for the actions of one
person which is what that that's the
entire basis of build the wall we got to
be safe we want to be safe and we're
going to use that okay with them are we
gonna build a wall around all the cops
because all the unarmed people killed no
no don't want to do that because that
doesn't fit your narrative right well Bo
you know Singh he came here legally that
other guy was an illegal yeah you don't
get to use that argument anymore
the second you applauded a bunch of men
women and kids getting tear gassed while
trying to seek asylum because under our
laws they should be inside the United
States being treated as US Nationals
until their hearing you don't care about
the law you don't you don't even know
what it is I mean I see that all the
time in the comments section that's
hilarious and then you know it's not
about race and the same people that say
that share studies from fair or C is not
USCIS it just made to kind of confuse
you CIS or numbers USA Fair was founded
by John
Tanton in today's political climate it's
messed up I don't know if I'm dealing
with a white nationalist a nativist or
somebody who's just looking for
something that fits their narrative when
I see this let me tell you something
about John 10 John 10 the guy who
founded fair and and was instrumental in
the other two organizations he said that
his concern was maintaining a white
European majority and a clear one he
said the white people need to breed more
otherwise will be outpaced by Hispanics
I am certain that the organizations that
he's involved with I'm sure that their
studies are completely accurate positive
there's no way in the world that those
places would be bias feel like most of
their studies have been debunked and it
is about race it's about brown people I
mean let's be honest let's really be
honest with ourselves if you saw
corporal Singh in plain clothes walking
down the street you tell him to go back
where he came from you're not outraged
about a cop getting killed you didn't
know the names of the other ones and
just so you know Smith he's been killed
since Singh got killed but you don't
know who he is because you can't stand
on his corpse reminds me a lot of
Benghazi to what happened in Benghazi
the reality of it some warriors couldn't
control her client
it happens believe me they got caught in
an insurmountable situation they
couldn't get air support and they got
left twisting in the wind that's what
went down when you're a part of that
community you understand it can happen
you don't like it what you understand it
when it happens to somebody else in that
community it hurts but the reality is
we're not gonna risk war with Libya over
a few guys it's numbers at that point
not saying it's right I'm saying that's
the reality of it people got mad about
that understandably and they talked
about it for years
under Obama
but when a very very similar situation
happened in western Africa nobody cared
Green Berets get caught insurmountable
couldn't get us air some French guys
showed up to help even even when the
ball got dropped notifying the families
nobody cared because it didn't fit the
narrative those corpses
well they don't matter as much because I
can't stand on them to make my political
point yeah I didn't want to talk about
this here's a new year's resolution for
you stop standing on the graves the
corpses the flag covered coffins of
people far more honourable than you to
make a political point they might not
agree with anyway it's just a thought
do I have a good night happy new year